Updated readme (#4)
qgrad/qgrad: README.md

# qgrad

A Python library to integrate automatic differentiation tools such as Jax with QuTiP and related quantum software packages.

This package is a work in progress. Feel free to take part in the discussions by opening new issues.

> # Contributing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contributing
```

> We are in the early stages of desining the tool and welcome any discussion in the form of issues or Pull requests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are in the early stages of designing the tool and welcome any discussion in the form of [Issues](https://github.com/qgrad/qgrad/issues/new) or Pull Requests. 
```
